Enhancement/lifecycle badges (#116)
bcgov/repomountie: templates/state-badges.md

> Hello, it looks like the readme doesn't have project state badges. Please check out [STATE_BADGE_URL] for more information on project state badges.

Reviewer: this is going to need work but good effort so far. We will rope in Mark and or Steph for comms

> Hello, it looks like the readme for this project doesn't have a project state badge. Please check out [Project State Badges](https://github.com/bcgov/repomountie/blob/master/doc/state-badges.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## No project state badge found in your readme!
Hello! I scanned your readme and could not find a project state badge. A project state badge will provide contributors to your project as well as other stakeholders (platform services, executive) insight into the lifecycle of your repository.

## What is a Project State Badge?
It is a simple image that neatly describes your projects stage in its lifecycle. More information can be found in the [project state badges documentation.](https://github.com/bcgov/repomountie/blob/master/doc/state-badges.md) for more information.

## What do I need to do?
I suggest you make PR into your README.md and add a project state badge near the top where it is easy for your users to pick it up :). Once it is merged feel free to close this issue. I will not open up a new one :) 
```
